federer
channel 9
finish
ap
Valencian Ap
love
lifetime
For that
a traditional flamenco show
in the name
it's only going of the year
one with two musicians of great weight with rafa del
i with jesus consume
percent
as soloists to shalit it has gone from solera solera and as it is a festival to its
top part so and
lima beauty seems to me
very very very special and that always brings very good people is not about very people
good
For his part the Scot is very nice but
she's canceled fatal flamenco has to be like dance too
then the space is that I think
i in the west
with many with a lot of strength
with a lot of presence so much presence outside as inside is almost the one that does not
they happen annually it is not worth mentioning